Update logging about dangling resources check (#733)
harvester/docs: docs/logging/harvester-logging.md

:::

#### Dangling Resources Check

_Available as of v1.5.0_

> An error may occur when you enable `rancher-logging` addon. Follow the instruction to delete or update the affected dangling resources and then retry.
> 
> ![](/img/v1.5/logging/logging-dangling-resources-check.png)
> 
> When you still want to continue, you may add the annotation to `rancher-logging` addon and enable it.
> 
> ```
> harvesterhci.io/skipRancherLoggingAddonWebhookCheck: "true"
> ```
> 
> And you may observe that the `rancher-logging` related deployments are not fully rolled out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When enabling the **rancher-logging** add-on, you may encounter the following error:

![](/img/v1.5/logging/logging-dangling-resources-check.png)

You may also observe that deployments related to the add-on are not fully rolled out.

To prevent the error from occurring again, perform the following actions before enabling the add-on:

- Update or delete the affected dangling resources.
- Add the annotation `harvesterhci.io/skipRancherLoggingAddonWebhookCheck: "true"` to the add-on.
```
